So I blame you for not replying to the message.
What are you most afraid of?
Do you know what he can't stand the most?
He has been scolded by his father since he was born
Treat it like a commodity
And in your house
It's just a toy.
Have you ever confirmed your liking for him?
Like it like a toy
I still like him like a sister
Husband's preference for his wife
You can't even tell yourself.
Only me only me
I'm the one who lives in the same world as him
Intentionally admitting that I killed you
I know I like you strangely
I don't really like it.
I mean it.
Want to be a family
Men like to deal with women
I will also spend the rest of my life
To harvest good information
I don't allow it.
Forever with hee hee